>> Brian Holt: So we just did addition,
which is probably not
the most exciting thing.
I mean, let's look at what Claude actually
responded to me that one time because it
was pretty funny.
He's like,
I don't have access to this, but however,
I can easily help you at 2 and 7.
The answer is 9, right?
It's a little like,
I do know how to do this.
Why are you subjecting me to this?
That's funny, then it gave me advice.
And then it's gonna say,
you're absolutely right.
Just kidding.
So let's look at our course website here.
We are going to be working with OpenMedio.
I actually did talk to
their person before.
This is like, hey,
we're about to hammer your API with a
bunch of students doing this all at once.
And they're like,
we don't care, that's fine.
So we're going to be trying this API.
I think it's free.
You don't even have to sign up,
which is really cool.
They're just hoping that people
start using it professionally.
So if you do have weather needs,
it seems like it's a pretty cool service.
So, yeah, they did graciously agree to let
me use their sample API as a sample for
this course.
It is real information.
In the event in the future
that this API is not working,
I did link there's this repo of a bunch
of public APIs that you can try.
So building MCP service for this might
be something that you might try later.
The only reason I did this is because
one of my react courses used to use pet
adoption as an API,
which was really cool because it was
real pets that people could adopt and
people would actually adopt pets from the
course, which I thought was pretty cool.
But their API just did not hold
up over the years, unfortunately.
Anyway, there's a ton
of cool stuff in here.
There's one for movies,
that would be a really cool one to build.
I don't know, all sorts of fun stuff,
but for now, OpenMedio.
Very cool.
So you and I could write this if you
want to, but as you can see here,
this actually really isn't too
much interesting information.
We're going to install the OpenMedio SDK,
we're going to make a weather server,
and then we're just going to
register this tool and get weather.
It's going to get the current weather and
then you're going to get a current weather
for a given latitude and longitude.
This only works for
latitude and longitude,
but LLMs are really good at getting
longitude and latitude for things.
If you say give me the weather
from Minneapolis, it's like, yeah,
I know Minneapolis is this latitude and
longitude.
And it'll just do it for you, so
you don't actually have to geocode or
anything like that, the LLM will just
figure it out for you or it'll lie to you.
You don't know.
That's part of the fun you define.
Here's the parameters you're gonna
get back, the temperature, humidity,
apparent temperature is a day,
precipitation, rain, and wind speed.
And I'm asking for miles per hour
is Fahrenheit and inches of rain.
And then this is just, you're telling it,
this is the output that it's
going to get back again.
We could just write this ourselves.
But nothing in here I just showed
you was very interesting, was it?
So what we're gonna do here,
I'm gonna open my VS Code and
we're gonna say npm install
openmeteo like this.
Okay, so now if I look in my package.json,
you can see I have openmeteo here.
1.2 is what I'm on at the moment.
And I am fully blessing you that if you
just want to copy and paste this because
again, nothing here we did is quite
very different from what we did before.
The only really interesting
part about this
is now this is actually doing something
more interesting than adding.
It's actually adding real
capability to an LLM.
Because if you ask an LLM, hey, what's
the temperature right now in Minneapolis?
It's going to tell you, I don't know,
it doesn't have access.
That's not part of its training
data is current weather.
Okay, so
I'm just going to create a new file here.
I'm gonna save this as weather.js and
I'm just gonna paste all of that.
Let's look at the Zod types for
just a sec because I think that's useful.
The Zod type that you just is the number,
you describe it, what it is, you say that.
You can say that this is optional.
However, it's not optional.
You can't have just longitude and just say
tell me everything around the equator.
It doesn't make a lot of sense, but
that's how you would do it there.
Then here you're just telling the weather
data that you're expecting to get back,
which is what's going to
be given back to the LLM.
Let's add this as an MCP server.
I'm going to come back to that
same Claude desktop here,
I'm just going to copy and paste this
because it's more or less the same thing.
So I'm going to have Weather Server,
same node,
binary args is just
going to be weather js.
That's it.
We don't have to reinstall the packages,
cuz it's in the same directory, right?
It's just going to be
running a different file.
And again, Tome's done the exact same way.
So now if we go into Cloud Desktop,
quit, restart it.
New chat.
If we look down here, we should see
Weather Server and get weather.
And I'm just going
to ask do I need
a raincoat today
in Minneapolis,
Minnesota.
If you'd asked this yesterday,
though, it would have said yes.
So you can see here
with latitude launches.
Someone probably should check that
to make sure it's actually true.
I have no idea.
I'm just trusting it.
But it got back this information,
which this information
looks pretty plausible based on what
I can see out the window right now.
Okay, pretty cool, right?
We've basically added a new capability
to our to Claude Desktop that it didn't
have before.
It didn't have any ability to access that
now, actually, I think you can turn on
web Search, which I have on right now, and
it would have been able to find that, but
we'll just kind of like pretend
that that's not the case.
That used to not be true.